I couldn't quite believe I was playing
today but yeah but you know that's I'm
healthy of a heartbeat so there was no
reason for me not to play so it was I
felt good I definitely could feel better
and I think I'll feel better after
having a day off and then more time to
get adjusted I'm still waking up like at
2:00 in the morning so yeah definitely
felt sluggish today looked sluggish but
it's fine it was good just to get that
win over with and move on definitely
different my body is so used to this
kind of weather it was really bright out
there and I guess I'm not the gloom with
so much in London and all the clouds and
I didn't really take that into
consideration but other than that the
weather was fine yeah I think she played
really well she has a she moves really
well and she doesn't quit and that's I
think that's the best thing you can have
she could easily gave up and she didn't
and I think that's the best quality you
can have as an athlete especially a
tennis player
oh she was hope I was nice too I'm
always nice to bogey at the what
tournament oh yeah yeah I mean I don't
remember in particular her but I am she
you know she's a fighter and she's she
actually is a really good first serve so
it's good to see such good Americans
coming up and you know seeing her
they'll be really good when I played
Monica was Seles it was pretty cool and
so to think that someone would even you
know want to be like me still is kind of
awesome so I love that hopefully she can
never you know never stopped trying cuz
I think she played a really good game
and she was really focused the whole
time and and she didn't play with too
many nerves she started out I think with
a double fault but that was it
and I was really surprised only time I
ever felt that way was against Venus cuz
she always beaten me my whole life so
that's the only time I felt when I
played her like in the second round
Australian Open I felt like gosh I'm not
gonna win today and other than that I've
never felt like that